if you had to draw a line that
Mark the difference between a cookie
legitimate and one of modern production that
line that would mark the anc or the one of jim
manley in imports clearly is the
cookie more strongly built than
I know is properly a tool
of heavy work to the point of
say that it is image imports guarantees it
like a Jimmy and the reason is because
has an average thickness on the spine
inch what does its construction
exceptionally strong as he had
mentioned before you take them decimal in
imports are all manufactured by hand
frosted also by hand with
hand tools what is
absolutely unusual and how can
realize this has a double
frosted concave on the face plus the
frosted edge that is with effect I
I had kept away from this guy
of cookies mainly because of
the scales are made of horn
buffalo what at first was not my
preference but seeing it more closely
the finishes that provide more
They are excellent for a knife made to
hand as you can realize the
construction is of full tang and
like other cookies from jean alain imports
the thickness decreases as
all cookies arrive at the heel
gmail in imports have differences in
its construction but a parameter
approximate to define it is the long
total in this case are 18 inches what
that gives about 12 useful inches of sheet
the weight of the tool as they can
realize it's around two o'clock and
half a pound what makes it a
excellent shredder by nature but
for this same reason it is quite difficult
to maneuver like machete this is the
sleeve of the tail as expected
it is also in leather quite well made
with a wooden soul like the
other you meet final in imports is
made in 5160 forged steel but
It is also reused steel because
q is the only ports lenin climate that is
guaranteed to be used as a bar
possibly it is the tool of
most versatile survival of all
that we have tried